The task that we were set for this assignment was to create an interactive monster fighting/breeding selling game that could interact with other servers over the web. At the start of this project we all met up for the first time to meet our other team members and get to know them. Upon first meeting a few roles were set out, the first role that was assigned was my own, this was for me to be project manager. The reason being was I came with my laptop and a pen and paper to take notes. We also discussed peoples strengths and weaknesses in the group. I was very fourtunate to have a rather large group in which everyone had a different part they would be happy to work on.

At this first meeting we discussed things like what it would look like and a few other minor details. If I had the chance one thing I would have done then is steer the conversation more towards the technical aspect of the system first. At the end of the meeting we decided to meet up more regularly and set a more regular date od weekly on Thursdays. At the next couple of meetings more detailed roles were decided for people and work began on the system and documentation.

Next the we worked on creating the project plan and risk assesment, designing the interface and the database design and handling. This seemed to go rather well and we managed to get a decent project plan in on time. Some of the system had started to come together by this time. The whole team seemed to be working well together with people exchanging ideas and with no one person trying to tackle it all themselves.

As the weeks went on we worked on creating all the documents required, with team members learning \LaTeX to aid in the document standards and GIT to keep everything backed up and safe. The systems parts were coming along nicely at this point. Then the christmas holidays came and work slowed down a little. As Project leader I felt I should have been more on top of this and keep everyone more informed and provided more tasks. When we came back after the holidays we were all aware that there was a lot of work that had to be done.

As the deadline approached so did 'Intergration and Testing week'. This was where the team really pulled together to produce some amazing work. Major credit should got to both Samuel Jackson and Chris 'Tux' Lloyd who work amazingly as a team and got the system working up to the point its currently at. Other team members performed well during this time such as Tom Reed who kept documenters up to date with tasks and allowed the programmers to continue on with their work and reported issues/bugs to them as and when needed.

I feel this project went well and everyone suited the roles that they were assigned. However, I believe I could have performed better as project manager by keeping more on track than I did and on several occasions I had to ask for help from Samuel Jackson who helped me out as deputy project manager. The overall result of the system is brilliant with excelent documentation. I could not have asked for a better more well rounded group.
