PROJECT MONSTER MASH
Minutes from meeting in C55, Friday, 19/10/12 (author:alb31)

Meeting:

Meeting Purpouse: 
Discuss what was done during previous meetings with Group Coordinator,
Review introduced changes.

Present: All aprart from Tux(illness) and Matt(unknown)

Circulation: All

Minutes Produced 19/10/12

version 1.0

Matters Arising:

1.Test issues resolved - everyone tests their own code 
	Java - JUnit;
	HTML/CSS - W3C;
	servlets and others - TBA;

2.Chris stated he will work on Gantz charts as well as Planning and other small issues.

2.Glassfish vs. Tomcat - conflict between the two, as they do not work well together.
  This is the reason why Silhab could not run it properly. 
  Not yet officially settled for using either, but will most likely use Tomcat 
  Reason: Tux knows how to handle it well.

3.Mike's dad knows how to produce Risk Assesment - will help Tom with it.

5.Discussed progress since previous official meeting by covering previous minutes.

6.Silhab produced some design and class diagrams for the project.
  Did not get a chance to cover that, will do on Monday.

7. Lokked at examples of documentation made by the other groups in previous years.

New Buisness:

1.Mimic SVN build in Git repo.
ACTION: Alex

2.Check if all documents need a formal review, and if so, do just that.
ACTION:Tom

3.Get Started on the Risk Assesment and deliver first version by MONDAY 19/10.
ACTION:Mike and Tom

4.Read what is to be delivered on the first deadline.
ACTION: !EVERYONE!

5.Email Matt and ask him why he did not attend the meeting.
ACTION:Lynda and/or Chris

6.Email everyone that has the group project and settle for some standards meeting. 
ACTION:Chris and Lynda

7.Produce a 'Test Standards' Document
ACTION:Tom


AOB:
PRIORITY GOAL:
 To deliver full drafts of documents/code a week before they are due.
Reason:
	To be able to correct/discuss them before turning it in.

Monday meeting is to discuss everything and devliver a full draft on Friday.
Lynda will not be present on Friday, we might have someone else step in or just
have a meeting by ourselves. 

IIAM:
Freshers can be our UML Diagrams test mokeys (Because Slave Labour is Good for Your Education).
Santa can't go down chimneys (neither can umbrellas, or smoke according to some).

Chris asked not to mention his ideas about blackmailing people in the minutes(Oh, the irony).

Llynda did not like the layout or the color clash between blue and yellow.

You can't get a driving license in Poland if you're colorblind - claims Alex

Voted/Decided to  have Trivia in minutes:
RANDOM FACT#1: 
Ink jet ink costs $5000 per gallon.
